Specify how to handle broken messages. (#153)
ircdocs/modern-irc: index.md

As these examples show, a trailing parameter (a final parameter with a preceding `':'`) has the same semantics as any other parameter, and MUST NOT be treated specially or stored separately once the `':'` is stripped.

### Compatibility with incorrect software

> Servers SHOULD handle single `\r` or `\n` character as if it was a `\r\n` pair, to support existing clients that might send this. However, clients and servers alike MUST NOT send single `\r` or `\n` characters.

Reviewer: I'm not super sure whether a lone `\r` is treated like this, would be good to test to make sure if ya' haven't already. Lone `\n` definitely is though, by all the servers.

Author: I haven't

Author: Solanum and Unreal support `\r`, Insp and Ergo don't.

Reviewer 2: I agree, I'd prefer if "servers MAY handle single `\r`" instead of SHOULD.

> Servers and clients SHOULD ignore empty lines.

Reviewer: I'd label this a MUST honestly, it's always been pretty explicitly specified that software needs to do this.

Author: it won't break anything if they don't, so a SHOULD is fine

Servers SHOULD gracefully handle messages over the 512-bytes limit. They may:

> * Send an error numeric back.

Reviewer 2: Is there a recommended numeric to send back?

Author: I don' think so

Author: I don't think so, besides ERR_UNKNOWNCOMMAND and ERR_NEEDMOREPARAMS.

Reviewer 2: There is ERR_INPUTTOOLONG, but no idea how widespread that is.

Author: Hmm, ircu defined ERR_INPUTTOOLONG and IRCv3 reused it for message-tags, this looks like a good fit.

Reviewer: iirc insp already has a response they can send back for this issue?

> * Truncate on the 510th byte (and add `\r\n` at the end) or on the last UTF-8 character or grapheme that fits.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Truncate on the 510th byte (and add `\r\n` at the end) or, preferrably, on the last UTF-8 character or grapheme that fits.
```

Author: plz fix the typo so I can merge

> Servers SHOULD gracefully handle messages over the 512-bytes limit. This includes:
> 
> * sending an error numeric back
> * truncating on the 510th byte (and adding `\r\n` at the end) or the last UTF-8 character or grapheme that fits.
> * ignoring the message or closing the connection, but this may be confusing to users of buggy clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Servers SHOULD gracefully handle messages over the 512-bytes limit. They may:

* Send an error numeric back.
* Truncate on the 510th byte (and add `\r\n` at the end) or on the last UTF-8 character or grapheme that fits.
* Ignore the message or close the connection – but this may be confusing to users of buggy clients.
```
Minor wording change, the original wording reads to me like a step-by-step list of how to respond, this makes it a little more clear that each one's separate.
